Updates about using Rata (#36)
cennznet/wiki: Network-participating/Node-operating/Running-a-Full-Node.md

Check its status on the telemetry site:
http://cennznet-telemetry.centrality.me/#/CENNZnet-Azalea

### Connecting to Rata for development

> [Rata](Getting-started/CENNZnet-technical-overview?id=cennznet-networks-and-genesis-files) is a playground network for testing. The following command would run a node that connects to Rata and  with full WebSocket connectivity enabled (unsafe for validators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Rata](Getting-started/CENNZnet-technical-overview?id=cennznet-networks-and-genesis-files) is a playground network for testing. The following command will run a node that connects to Rata and has full WebSocket connectivity enabled (unsafe for validators).
```
